Smooth all README files (#9)
BenjaminRodenberg/test-cases-dissertation: experiments/README.md

   ```sh
   cd oscillator-overlap
   ./make-venv.sh
   ```

   The command above creates a virtual environment with all required Python dependencies in the folder `.venv` in `oscillator-overlap`. You can get a list of the installed Python packages by running `.venv/bin/pip freeze`.

## Running the test cases

The test cases are forked from the [preCICE tutorials](https://github.com/precice/tutorials) and follow their basic structure. Additionally, they contain helper scripts for setting up the runtime environment, running the experiments, and postprocessing data for plotting:

* `make-venv.sh` creates a virtual environment needed for running the experiments (see above).
* `run_experiments.sh` runs all experiments required for each study (convergence study, comparison of iteration numbers etc.). It is recommended to navigate to the respective folder and run this script.
* Folder `configs` with `.csv` files defines configurations (e.g., time window sizes or time step sizes) for individual experiments.
* Folder `results` will contain all relevant data for creation of the plots after running the experiments.

> * Python scripts `doConvergenceStudy.py` and `doConvergenceStudyMonolithic.py` are indirectly called by `run_experiments.sh` via the Python package [prepesthel](https://pypi.org/project/prepesthel/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Python scripts `doConvergenceStudy.py` and `doConvergenceStudyMonolithic.py` are indirectly called by `run_experiments.sh` and use the Python package [prepesthel](https://pypi.org/project/prepesthel/) to execute multiple preCICE experiments and create reports with their results.
```
